CSS minor fix: added missing "flexbox" (#44955)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/guides/gaps/index.md

sidebar: cssref
---

> The **CSS gaps** module lets you specify spacing, or "gaps", between items in [multi-column](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Multicol_layout), [flexbox](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Flexible_box_layout), and [grid](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Grid_layout) layouts. The [CSS multi-column layout](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Multicol_layout) module originally defined gaps and rules controlling the spacing between columns in multi-column containers. This module expands on these visible separators, called _gap decorations_, extending it to grid and flexbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **CSS gaps** module lets you specify spacing, or "gaps", between items in [multi-column](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Multicol_layout), [flexbox](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Flexible_box_layout), and [grid](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Grid_layout) layouts. The [CSS multi-column layout](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Multicol_layout) module originally defined gaps and rules that control the spacing between columns in multi-column containers. This module expands on these visible separators, called _gap decorations_, extending it to grid and flexbox.
```
